all right she's back she sounds a like I
said just out of the backyard into the
driveway looking looking like a lemon
these paints are bad but uh I guess I'm
putting new computer some of the wiring
harness or change start posing the wires
and stuff like that Florence is Austin
there but I still need him to go change
the rest of them because it's still a
other four still pretty bad but uh she's
running now doing good finally uh
thinking about putting a new motor in
there I found a motor for a pretty good
deal so I might just uh put a brand new
motor you know just a fresh start
Carney has one hundred fifty five
thousand miles on it you know it's a 94
but uh damn I just might do that you
know first start clean started but uh I
kind of don't because it's not a t-top
so I was like you know this is it
they got grass and pellets all on
top of the intake or sitting in the
backyard and yeah I need to get that out
because when it when they're when I'm
driving for like 45 minutes it starts
burning them on the side over there and
it just doesn't look good and doesn't
smell too good either yeah this is this
is hurt you know z28 lt1 you know I've
been telling people I was trying to get
one for about two months now and you
know they was looking at me like I was
stupid cuz I've gotta get you know so
but uh here she is
this is official z28 off the lot not
converted
but yeah it's pretty good a hot start
for you
interior is actually not so bad to be so
old and a little little staying here
near but you know starts not perfect
go check engine light or nothing like
that
tomorrow wires
I was driving the car for about
hour-and-a-half and no cutoff no nothing
I was sitting for a year it's a change
so pretty satisfied when Thomas came out
on his car has never been in an accident
nothing it was it was the artist package
on him so I had like the artist spoiler
and in body kit on yeah yeah I trashed
that this is it will go on in about a
couple hours put some more work into it
so uh cuz I'm tonight I played on have
some fun before someone I took it on
guys the running stuff with the new
computer in there can be no burnouts no
done it's changed the war spark plugs
and Park wires and oil and stuff like
that
it's just moving it's not it's fast as
it should be but you know it's a decent
I'm gonna change the last couple couple
wires and stuff and see how it acts it
acts good I might just keep the motor
for about a it's gonna nother further
part of the rest of the year and didn't
put a new motor in next year or might
just sell it and get a get a t-top one I
was gonna try to get it LS but uh I
talked I got the money
like and let's go out I was so you know
that's a a gang could go up at your
party but uh this is it but uh any
questions anything you think I should do
to it you know and make it just run that
much better let me know